Oh boy
Hurry up and save the old man
What about the old man?
I will repay you well.
Hahaha, no need, old man, I'm really in a hurry.
I'll go first
And so on.
What's so urgent for you?
My fiancee?
Being forced to get engaged to another man at night
I have to get to their house before they do
Take him away
Is that so?
Boy
I advise you
Don't go.
Why is that?
Isn't that obvious?
Ah, it's not that my old man despises you.
You just went
You can't bring your fiancee back
Old man, can you make it clear to me?
Isn't that obvious?
Ah look at your outfit
If I'm not wrong
Your fiancee's family
You must think your family is poor.
That's why I didn't let you two be together
You said you have no money or power now.
What can he do if you go?
But I have the ability now
I will definitely be able to bring Meng Zhu back
Oops boy
You take this question too simply.
You said if you snatched him back
How does he deal with his family?
Do you have the heart to watch your fiancee feel sad every day?
Don't I have any money?
Just watching the woman I love
Marry another man?
Hahahaha
Of course not.
Just now, the old man said
You saved the old man's life
Old man hum
I will repay you well.
Hey
You have this ring.
From now on?
You can be as rich as any other country